Chapter1 No
　　“Please,not in front of my dad!Please!”
　　Scarlet Preston had been under him countless times,in the bathroom,office,hallway,and park,and every time she begged Marcus Newman to give it to her.
　　This time,she was also pinned under him,but she cried hoarsely,“No!”
　　The usual gentle and pleasing are replaced by brutal and harsh,as if the woman under him is just a rag doll.
　　“No?Do you forget that you will always unbutton your shirt in front of me even when you bring me a cup of coffee and then rub yourself on me?
　　Do you forget that if you get to my office early,you will pull up your skirt and sit on my lap for a good time?
　　Now you say no?Pretending to be chaste for your vegetable dad who can't move in his wheelchair?”
　　After that,Marcus dragged her,naked and hand-tied,to the desk,and the old man,sitting in a wheelchair across the desk,crooked his head,shivering all over,eyes wide!
　　The old man's mouth was tilted,drooling,his face red,but all voice that came out of his mouth was useless an“Ahh”.
　　Scarlet tried to dodge,but she was instantly bent over by him in front of the desk.She can only take his fierce thrusts.
　　She wishes she was dead!
　　Her father is watching them!
　　Marcus looked at the old man in the wheelchair,“Mr.Preston,look,your daughter,your only daughter in your life,is being fucked by me,not only that,she has been my lover since her freshman year.If I want her,only a phone call away,she will rush over and strip naked for me to fuck!”
　　Albert can only emit“Ooh!”sounds.
　　Scarlet's throat was already hoarse.This man,who had held her in his arms yesterday and called her“baby”,suddenly turned into this.
　　She couldn't accept it at all.
　　“Marcus!You can't do this to me!“
　　“I can't?”Marcus's hand molded her ass,then a slap,continued to torture the woman underneath him.“Mr.Preston,my mother was fooled by you back then,abandoned her husband and her son for you.But what did you do to her?You said she was a slut and you pushed her into the sea,and you claimed that she jumped into the sea for her immoral love!”
　　“Your baby daughter is a slut now.I bankrupted your company and did not even give her the promise that I would marry her,yet she runs to me and begs me to fuck her every day.Hah,I want her to go down on her knees and suck it,and she will happily kneel and suck my cock hard!What an obedient daughter you have!”
　　Albert burst into tears,trying to stand up but falling to the ground.
　　Scarlet never knew that there would be such a feud between Marcus and her father!
　　So,what were the last ten years?
　　In her 9th grade,her family went downhill,bankruptcy.She met Marcus when she was in high school,and he has always taken care of her since then.
　　During freshman year,they had their first night,and since then,he has almost spoiled her.She was an intern at his company,yet he never said he would marry her.
　　But she knows that her family is bankrupt;she does not have the backing of her family,and if she wants to be Marcus's wife,she must be excellent,so she keeps learning,hoping that one day she will be worthy of him.
　　She has loved him for ten years!A whole decade!
　　Scarlet's heart trembled with pain,“Marcus!Why did you lie to me!Why!”
　　Her cries were too heartbreaking.No one would turn their deaf ears to them.
　　“Why?Who lets Albert Preston,the monster,who deserves to go to hell,have only one precious daughter?He pushed my mother into the sea,so I made his daughter's life worse than hell.It’s fair,right?”
　　Scarlet laughed with tears in her eyes.
　　The man she has loved for ten years,in the end,only wants her to taste his bloody revenge.
　　Not only is her life worse than hell,but it is more painful than burning in it.
　　But Scarlet never thought that she would receive a summons from the court just after her strongly mentally stimulated father was admitted to the ICU.
　　She is accused of the crime of business secret infringement!Chapter2 The leaker
　　Scarlet has always loved Marcus.She is his most competent secretary,so how could she help an outsider and leak his company’s secrets?
　　Plaintiff--Marcus Newman!
　　Scarlet flopped on the ground,hands and feet froze.If Marcus sues her,then,she is going to jail for sure.
　　--
　　CEO's office of Newman Company.
　　Scarlet pushed open the door and looked at the man behind the desk,handsome and dominant.She walked to him step by step,“For the sake of the past ten years,can you drop your charges?”
　　Humble,when had she ever been this humble in front of him?
　　But what happened yesterday,showed her that all that sweet pampering from him was fake.
　　She is nothing to him.
　　Scarlet is still wearing her usual secretary's suit,a white blouse,a tight black suit,and a sexy black wrap-around skirt.
　　She used to look at him,always with an enchanting smile on her face.He said she was a Siren,and he liked it.
　　But now,there is no light in her eyes.
　　“If you have any self-respect,you shouldn't have come to me.”Marcus leaned back in his chair,“Hah,how did I forget?You are his daughter,and you started to be my lover for money when you were 18.How can you have self-respect?”
　　Scarlet's heart tightened as if there was a person you trusted with your life standing behind you,and you walked forward with confidence,but that person stabbed you behind your back unexpectedly.
　　18?Does he remember that she slept with him on her 18th birthday?
　　Lover?
　　She always thought she was her girlfriend,but she didn't realize she was his lover.
　　Her eyes stung,so stung that hurt,but she never shed a tear in front of him.She kept smiling because he said he liked it,and when she smiled,she was the most beautiful woman in the world.
　　She walked up to him,her hand propped up on the desk surface,shrugging with seeming ease,“Ten years,even a cat or a dog,you would have feelings toward it,right?”
　　“But Albert Preston's daughter is not even a cat or a dog.”
　　Scarlet took a deep breath,and then went between Marcus's legs,knelt,and pulled down his zipper with her fingers,“You withdraw your charges,and I’ll do whatever you want me to do.”
　　“You think other women won't?”Marcus reached out and cupped Scarlet's chin.
　　“How can they be as good as me?”Scarlet's eyebrow raised,her hand up and down his bulge,“After all,I've been your lover since 18;it's been 7 years now.7 years,with one look from you,I know whether you want me to be on my back or my stomach,right?”
　　Scarlet had buried her head.
　　Every end of Marcus's nerves is highly sensitized,and the warmth and wetness make him exhale a long breath.
　　He reached out and pressed his hand against her head,his fingers fisting through her hair,trying to pull her away several times,but didn’t make it.
　　“Scarlet,you're such a whore!Albert Preston saw me fuck you like that yesterday,and you can still suck me like this?”
　　Scarlet felt that the man above her head was not speaking words,but spewing fire.
　　He is so cruel,really not caring about the ten years they had been together.
　　He is so good at acting.He never scolded her in ten years,but in these two days,he used all the vicious and filthy words on her.
　　He put up with her for ten years in order to get revenge on her family.
　　Eventually,he succeeded.Her heart was now bleeding.
　　Scarlet raised her head,her eyes full of lust,and the tip of her pink tongue licked her lips,“I said,as long as you are willing to drop the case,you can do whatever you want to me.”Chapter3 Charges
　　But Scarlet was charged with allegedly sexual bribing the plaintiff.
　　In court,the lawsuit was in full swing,and she firmly denied that she revealed the amount of the bid to Joshua Newman.
　　She always knew that Joshua was Marcus's arch-rival.
　　These two brothers have been fighting for many years.
　　She loves Marcus so much,how could she give his floor price to his rival?
　　But the man she had loved for ten years submitted all the materials.
　　“The entire project was handled by Scarlet Preston,and she had email correspondence with the bidder from the competing company,”Marcus said.
　　After hearing this,Scarlet laughed bitterly,“Marcus,you set me up to get back at my father?The email you asked me to send turned out to be a bidder from the other company?”
　　Scarlet tilted her head and took a deep breath.
　　What could be more heartbreaking than being sent to the guillotine by the man you love?
　　He bents every effort to set the trap so she can never leave,right?
　　But she couldn’t fall,because she still had to pay her father’s high medical bills.
　　She had to prove her innocence,have to work and earn money.
　　She was not involved in the affairs of the last generation,but her father loved her so much that she had to do what a daughter should do,and it was her duty to support him!
　　Scarlet made herself calm down.Power-wise,she could never win Marcus,but being Marcus's secretary all these years,she has some connections.
　　Recess Room
　　Scarlet looked at Marcus,who was personally a witness,“Why do you hate me so much?What have I done to you?Marcus,this decade,I love you with all my heart and soul,isn’t that enough?I love you so much that I want to give my life to you,isn't that enough?”
　　Scarlet stared into Marcus's eyes,trying to see a little bit of emotion in his eyes.
　　Yet nothing.
　　“Scarlet Preston,this case whether you appeal or not,you will go into jail for sure.But if you appeal,there is still some time.Next week is my engagement party with Lily White,which you can still attend,and then the trial.”
　　Scarlet shook her head,“What did you say?You and Lily?”
　　Scarlet's voice trembled.
　　Marcus turned his head to her,“Do you want an invitation?”
　　Scarlet took a few steps back and fell into a chair,“You know full well that Lily is my cousin.She and I have never got along.Do you have to go this far?”
　　“Do I still need to consult you on who I should marry?”
　　She never has a place in his heart.He never thought of marrying her.
　　Even though these years,she is used to see all the ugliness in the business world,openly and secretly,she always believes what she has with Marcus is pure.
　　The dream woke up,and the bubble burst.It’s so hurt.
　　She can’t breathe.
　　Scarlet's phone rang.It was the hospital.“Miss.Preston.The patient's heart suddenly stopped.We gave first aid,but he has no vital signs.You know of his condition when the patient was sent to the hospital.We tried our best,but the patient has no sense of survival...”
　　Before Scarlet hung up the phone,she calmly said“thank you,”as if she was just hanging up a real estate agent's phone.
　　She walked past Marcus and out the door.
　　The trial started again;Scarlet was so calm that she didn’t look like a bit of the professional elite who refused to admit her guilt before.She quietly stood at the defendant's table and listened to the judge's statement.
　　“Defendant!”
　　Scarlet came back to her senses.She did not look at the judge,but looked at Marcus.She smiled,very sweet,just like when they first met,she called him“brother Marcus.”
　　“Brother Marcus,my father is dead,and so is your mother.He suffered enough before he died,and I'm also going to jail.My father's sins,did he pay with interest back to you?For these ten years,I do not blame you lied to me.Father debt,daughter pay,I admit.”
　　“From now on,we are even!The past ten years,I will forget like we never meet...,”Scarlet tears fell,she turned her head to look at the judge,and choked but resoundingly firm,“I plead guilty!”Chapter4 Guilty
　　I plead guilty!
　　All of it,her father's,her own.
　　The Scarlet that Marcus knows is flirtatious in bed,yet keen-witted and capable at work,and she will never admit defeat.
　　He originally thought that this case would last a long time,and with Scarlet's nature,she would not give up until she reached her goal.
　　When Scarlet said,“I plead guilty,”Marcus was in a trance.After the case closed,he sat here for a long time before standing up.
　　His mind buzzes with confusion.
　　“From now on,we are even.”
　　Even?
　　Ten years,even?
　　“I will forget the last ten years......”
　　Never met?
　　He hadn't seen her cry until the day her father was admitted to the ICU,and now all he could think about was the tears on her face.
　　Marcus shrugged,“We are even!”
　　He took one step away from the plaintiff's stand but almost tumbled.
　　He recalled the determination with which she uttered those three words,as if she had slammed the project contract on the table with her,“This project has to be mine!”
　　It's a must!
　　Scarlet,there is nothing she can't do.
　　Marcus tugged on his tie and walked out of the courtroom.There will be no more Scarlet in his life.
　　--
　　Prison
　　Scarlet's mouth was bleeding while she straddled another woman's body.The shoe in his hand slapped on the woman’s face:“Will you come near me again!”
　　“NO!NO!”
　　“Will you dump what you don’t want to eat on my dinner plate again?”After saying that,there were two more“slaps”.
　　“No!No!”She begged for mercy repeatedly.
　　Scarlet practiced judo.She couldn’t beat Marcus,but the woman was not her opponent.
　　In a place like a prison,it's inevitable that people will bully her,the new girl,and she wanted to put things to rest,but these sons of bitches pushed too much!
　　This prestige,she must set up,or anyone can climb to her head in the future.
　　In this world,only Marcus can bully her and leave her defenseless.
　　But she can only be hurt by him once!
　　This is the only time!
　　All the female inmates were afraid of Scarlet because she was as fierce as a mother fucker.
　　When Scarlet learned she was pregnant,she was at her wits'end;she didn't know what to do.
　　When Adam Shaw visited Scarlet in the prison,Scarlet finally saw hope,and she looked at Adam through the thick glass,praying,“Adam,please help me.”
　　Scarlet lost so much weight that she now looked like a skeleton.Adam’s lips trembled with anger,“Why would Marcus do this to you?What does he want?I thought he really loved you when he warned me not to go near you.And I let go because I saw the way you looked at him.Why did you end up in jail!”
　　Adam's eye reddened,“Scarlet!You stupid woman!”
　　Scarlet pursed her lips tightly,“If I hadn't experienced it,how would I know I was stupid?Everything has its cause and effect.Let's not mention the past.”
　　“Not mention?Why not mention it?He sent you to jail with his own hands!Why not?”
　　“I owe him.It's time to pay him back.”Scarlet took a deep breath as she tried not to let her tears flow out,“Now we are even.”
　　Adam wanted to say something else,but he swallowed it back.
　　Scarlet said,“Help me think of a way,you must can.I'm pregnant.Don't let the people outside find out about my pregnancy,and even if they do,help me find a way to prove that the child is someone else's.”
　　“Marcus's child?”
　　“Yes.”
　　“Why not abort it?”
　　“I can't.”
　　“Why?”
　　“I will not fall in love with anyone ever.Man,I have enough.But the child is mine.”Scarlet looked at Adam's eyes and her tears finally pouring out.
　　Adam's fist,viciously smashed on the stone platform,“You actually denied every man for him?”
　　“At least for now.”
　　Adam knew that Scarlet was hurt to the core,and she must now adjust herself.He couldn’t push her.
　　“I will help you.”
　　----
　　The day when Scarlet was in labor,the doctor frowned and performed a Caesarean section on her,“Economic crime.They are very smart people;how can they not see this?Waste your valuable freedom just for some money?”
　　“Hey,so young,and only one kidney left.”
　　Only one kidney is left.
　　Scarlet heard the doctor's conversation in a daze.
　　In court,she accused,“Isn't it enough that I will give my life to you?”
　　Marcus Newman,how can you be so cruel to me?
　　Fortunately,we are even.Chapter5 Release
　　Two years and seven months later,Scarlet was released after completing her sentence.
　　The sun outside the high walls was blinding,but she had to meet it and let the sun burn her heart.
　　Scarlet put on her old work suit and walked into Newman’s company.
　　The receptionist has changed,“Miss,please register.”
　　Scarlet smiled at the receptionist lady,“I am your CEO,Marcus's lover.He told me I could come to him anytime.”
　　Scarlet's eyebrows lifted in her usual seductive way.Ignoring the surprised look of the receptionist,she stepped on high heels,and walked towards the elevator.
　　Many of Newman's old workers were surprised when they saw Scarlet,“Miss.Preston?”
　　The corners of Scarlet's mouth professionally pulled an arc.Did these people still remember her?It is also really rare.When Marcus wanted to sue her,she was hoping that they could help her testify,but none of them were willing to come forward.
　　“Heh,didn't you go to jail?What are you doing here?”
　　“That is,the company will never hire anyone who reveals confidential information.”
　　“I've come to seduce your boss and get him to give me a job again.”The elevator arrived,and she walked out in style.
　　The crowd's jaws dropped.
　　The door of the CEO's office was knocked,and Marcus did not even raise his head,“Come in.”
　　Scarlet walked in and closed the door.
　　High heels on the carpet,the sound was a bit muffled.Marcus's hand on the keyboard paused and looked up.
　　His face is calm,but his paused fingers still cannot help but tremble.
　　Scarlet!
　　Even with delicate makeup,you can see that her skin tone is a little tanner than before,and she has lost weight.
　　She looked at him and smiled,very charming,but the light in her eyes was not like it once was,like it had been sanded by the years.
　　“I'm out of jail.”Scarlet smiled and approached Marcus,step by step.
　　Marcus leaned back,narrowed his hypnotic eyes,and stared at Scarlet,“Didn't you say you were even?What are you doing here again?”
　　Scarlet gently lifted her buttocks and sat on the desk in front of Marcus.She touched her earlobe,“I need money.After all,a chief secretary who was imprisoned for the crime of leaking commercial secrets,no company will hire her.Since I can't find a job in a short time,why don't you give me some money?”
　　Marcus’s eyes darkened.Scarlet's hand took his,holding it in her palm,“I won’t let you give money for free;you can ask the market price of those women outside.I won’t charge you more.”
　　After saying that,she did not forget to smile enchantingly at him.
　　There is something,sharp and thorny,all of a sudden stuck in his heart,Marcus inhaled,his chest a little pain.
　　He shook off Scarlet's hand,“Get the hell out of my office now!”
　　Scarlet tilted her head and laughed,like a silver bell,brittle,charming,she raised her hand in the air and observed it over and over again.
　　“Brother Marcus must dislike my hand now.My skin is not as fine and smooth as before,right?Of course,after more than two years in prison,I did everything.These hands are not only not soft,but the palms are also calloused.A man like you,what kind of woman you can’t have?”
　　After she finished,she didn't forget to look at the man sitting in the president's chair,“Right?”
　　Marcus's face was ugly to the extreme.He thought of the scene when he saw Scarlet again,with her character,she would kill him with the knife in her hand.
　　But she didn't.
　　She walked into his office in her old suit,and she was unbuttoning hers,thinner and with breasts that weren't as full as they once were to jump out.
　　The body covered by the clothes is porcelain,as it once was.
　　A hot wave swept through his body,with testosterone running amok.
　　Scarlet pulled up her short skirt and sat on Marcus's lap with her legs raised as skillfully as before.Chapter6 Flirt
　　Marcus's palm slid into Scarlet's shirt,“They used to be bigger.”“Without your care,I shriveled.I need your fluid to resurgent.”“Still a slut.”“Don't you just love it?”Marcus smiled noncommittally,“It's not good for a woman to be so slutty.”“That’s their loss.But a man like you can always satisfy me.”Marcus panted heavily and finally gritted his teeth and pressed against Scarlet's waist,“You bitch,have you ever been fucked by another man in prison?”Scarlet did not answer but only smiled at him.That unclear,ambiguous feeling makes Marcus's heart stutter!Scarlet is definitely a woman among women,her face and body are impeccable!“Say it!Have you ever been fucked by another man?”Marcus asked once more!Scarlet still did not answer,but only shook her body more vigorously.Marcus found himself more and more intolerant of her silence.He picked her up and walked into the lounge,pinned her down on the bed,and punished her severely,but the woman still kept her mouth shut except for moaning.He sent her to prison and let her rot here.He forbade everyone around him to talk about her.But the way she looked like she had another man made him feel like he had swallowed flies.He wanted to strip her naked,and in the past,she was gladly cooperative,but this time,she refused.So,he ripped her shirt off and her skirt,bra,and lace thong.Finally,she was naked.He found the scar on her belly and his mind froze,“What happened?”Scarlet smiled frankly,reached out and around the man's neck,and continued to hook his waist with her legs,“Nothing.It's just a minor surgery.”Marcus remembered that smile from her in the past when Scarlet said she had an appendicitis operation.“What exactly is it?”Scarlet pursed,her eyes like a crescent moon,“I sold a kidney when I ran out of money.”Marcus only felt icily cold from head to toe.All the heat screaming in his body was instantly doused,and her word,like a blunt knife,cut his heart raw,hurting him so much that he jerked violently.“No money,so you sell a kidney?”Marcus's face was ugly to the extreme.Is this woman crazy?Such a big thing,she actually said it so lightly,as if she was just popping a pimple.This woman is no longer the Scarlet he knew.She used to be enchanting,but in front of him,she is always pure.Now that she is in front of him,he always feels she is poison covered with her sweet smile.Marcus lifted his leg and got out of bed.Scarlet was a little panicked,and raised her hand to pull him,“What?This is just a joke.I got raped in the prison by a guard,and he knocked me up.But it’s an ectopic pregnancy so I had surgery.”Marcus inhaled violently,raised his hand,and slapped her.He pounced on Scarlet's body like a wild beast,raging and rushing in her with abandon.He knows he is going to be crazy.When she kept silent,his mind had already gone wild,and he could not wait for her to say no.What is she to him?A tool he uses for revenge.Why would he care so much about her answer?But why did she answer him?“How did that guy fuck you?Ah?Press you under him,or on a table?Or on one of the walls of your prison that no one noticed?”Marcus'eyes were red!He simply could not accept this.This woman,even if he didn’t want her anymore,even if he sent her to prison,yet he would never allow other men to touch her!Chapter7 Contraception
　　Scarlet felt like her whole body was going to fall apart!That monster.
　　“Marcus!What are you angry about!Do you even care about me?Do you even care that your enemy's daughter is sleeping with another man?Ha!You make me laugh!”
　　“Don’t you have me in your heart?I'm back to you now because no company is willing to hire me on my case.I can't find a job and I'm just short of money.”
　　So,she can also be so vicious.She used to be like a cat,forever teasing and purring in front of him.
　　When did she ever satirize him like that?
　　He closes his eyes and viciously thrusts,finally releasing.
　　He would not feel bad for his enemy's daughter.He got out of bed and dressed,went back to his desk,wrote the check,and threw it to her,“Get out,plus...”He was just about to continue when he saw Scarlet pull out a box of pills from her purse.
　　She topped off the cover,pressed out the pill,tossed it into her mouth with ease,picked up the glass of water on his desk,and took a sip,swallowing it.
　　“I can't get pregnant because I had an ectopic pregnancy.I have to be very careful.That surgery can be a little scary.”
　　Marcus wanted to ask his secretary to buy pills for her,but when he saw that Scarlet had brought them herself,he felt his scalp tighten and numb.
　　Scarlet looked at the numbers on the check and smiled,like a whore who had just received a generous tip from a benefactor,and Marcus reached out and pulled the tie that had been re-tied.
　　“Still not leaving?”
　　“Thank you,Mr.Newman.Can I still come to you when I've spent it all?”
　　Marcus would love to scold her slut like he did when he fucked her in front of Albert Preston,but her father is dead and she’s been in jail,so she really doesn't seem to owe him anymore.
　　“Remember what you said in court.We are even.”
　　Scarlet took the cheque and flicked it happily with her fingers,“OK!Then,can Mr.Newman introduce some generous billionaire to me in the future?After all,you know how good I am.Since I can’t find a job,I might earn some quick money while I still have my pretty face.”
　　“Get lost!”Marcus picked up an ashtray and smashed it towards Scarlet!
　　The ashtray brushed past Scarlet's ear and smashed against the wall.
　　Scarlet stood still,motionless,as she slowly put the check in her checkbook,turned around,and politely closed the door for him.
　　Her former colleagues saw her,so she deliberately pulled down her collar so they could see the hickey on her neck with a face full of-“I just did some fun with your boss.”
　　Walking out of the building,Scarlet's back straightened as she stopped a cab.
　　When she got into the cab and closed the door,she suddenly threw her head back,covered her face,and cried out loud!
　　The driver was so scared that he asked,“What's wrong,Miss?What's wrong?”
　　Scarlet sobbed,“I got fired and I am afraid that my parents know that I have lived like this.There is no place I can talk about it.Life is so hard,so hard!”
　　The driver's hair was grey and he looked at Scarlet,kindly and warmly,“You kids,always like to say good news,but not bad.We,as parents,will always be there for you.The door to the house is always open to you.”
　　“But I don't have a home anymore,forever!”Scarlet cried so hard that the driver pulled the car over to the side of the road and pushed the meter to a stop.
　　“Girl,if you want to cry,then cry.I won’t charge you.After you cry enough,I will send you to your destination.I also have a daughter,about your age,divorced,with a child.I wonder how many times she cried behind my back like you...”
　　Scarlet saw the driver’s tears in the corner of his eyes.In fact,in order to live,everyone is hard.Once she gets off this car,no one will see her tears.
　　When she arrived at the bank,Scarlet paid the driver.
　　Scarlet cashed the check and deposited it into her account,then went to the hospital to see her daughter.
　　Almost two years old,Daisy shaved her little head bald.
　　Because of leukemia.
　　She must conceive another Marcus's child.She must!Daisy needs it.
　　The pills in the box of birth control pills are nothing more than vitamins.
　　It is impossible to conceive so easily with only one time,and she needs to be sure of her pregnancy before she can sever her ties with Marcus.Chapter8 Fury
　　Marcus smashed his office after Scarlet left,and that kind of savage fuck didn't seem to douse the wrath in his heart.
　　So,in the next several meetings,he scolded his staff,from HR to the marketing department,even the finance department,no one was spared,all were scolded.
　　It was already 9:00 p.m.after all the meetings.
　　Marcus returned to his office.But every corner of his office was covered by the smell of her,and he remembered the scars on her belly.
　　Ectopic pregnancy!
　　He used to release it outside her body when they didn't use protection,except for that time when he lost his mind in front of her father.For ten years,he didn't even let her take the pill,yet she messed around with other men without even wearing a condom!
　　He can't accept the fact that she even has to have surgery for her messing around!
　　Marcus feels that his heart and lungs are pressed by a boulder.He can’t breathe.
　　For these two years or so,his company has run successfully.He usually works almost all day and night,and he every night needs sleeping pills to rest a while with all the pressure on his shoulder,so he never thought of her for a second.
　　Today,she messed up his life all over again!
　　And all he can think of is the words she had said in court,“We are even.”
　　Why does she come to him when they are even?And why does she come to ask him for money using her delicious body?
　　She did it on purpose.She wanted him to know that it was his fault that she couldn't find a job now and was in this situation,and she even asked him to introduce men to her.
　　Marcus gritted his teeth,grabbed the suit on the coat rack,and went out of his office,his assistant quickly followed,“Sir,the young master of the Rivers Group invites you to......”
　　“No,turn it down.”Marcus raised his wrist and glanced at the watch,“Go find out where Scarlet Preston is living now.”
　　A lot of images appeared in Marcus's mind,and he seemed to see that woman wearing a fiery red backless dress,shuttling between men of all shapes and sizes.
　　Any man can touch and squeeze her,and as soon as those men come up with a check,she can walk with them into some dark corners,and her moans and screams constantly overflow from those shit places.
　　Marcus's lips were dry.He swallowed,“Go check her now!”
　　However,after Marcus returned to his home,he received a phone call from his assistant,“Sorry,sir.We can't find anything.After she came out of prison,there is neither a record of renting a room nor a record of booking any hotel.”
　　Marcus had a cigarette in his hand,he took a sharp puff,“Impossible,there is no place she can go!”
　　Yes,there is no place she can go unless she has another man!
　　Marcus simply had no way to be calm.“Keep checking.You must find her!”
　　Marcus grumpily hung up the phone,in the next beat,his phone screen suddenly flashed a number.
　　The name above,after two years and eight months,appears again,“My little Scar”.
　　This was her 20th birthday.Scarlet grabbed his phone and changed it.Marcus clenched his fist.He felt he was going to combust,so he stood up and walked to the air conditioner.
　　Just before he picked up his phone,she had already hung up.
　　Marcus cursed,“Fuck!”
　　Just when hesitating to call her back,his phone rang again,he licked his lips and picked up indifferently,“Hello.”
　　“Brother Marcus.”Scarlet's voice was cheerful.
　　Marcus frowned and was upset,wondering if it was because he had been restless all day while Scarlet was acting like nothing was wrong.
　　“Gambled at night,lost all the money,can you give me some more?”
　　Marcus's hand was trembling as he held the phone,she never gambled!How many vices did she pick up in prison!
　　“You know,inside the prison is very boring,so we would gamble a little on some gadgets or others to pass the time.I can’t find a job now and don’t know what to do,so I went to gamble,owed some money,can’t you give me some?”
　　Marcus walked in his room back and forth,“Or others?What others?”
　　Did they bet on other things besides money?
　　But he had a feeling that it was not that simple!
　　“Bet on what?”
　　“Such as helping someone wash dishes and clothes,or sleeping......”Scarlet deliberately paused,leaving Marcus to guess for himself.She would never allow Marcus to mistake her for still having feelings for him.
　　She never wants to see him ever again once she gets the money and another baby.
　　“Fuck you!Go to hell!Right now!Immediately!”Marcus felt like his heart was about to explode with anger this day.
